fix a typo (#4447)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-opengov.md

#### Adaptive Quorum Biasing

> Adaptive quorum biasing is no longer used in OpenGov and is replaced by the Approval/Support system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adaptive quorum biasing is no longer used in OpenGov and has been replaced with the Approval/Support system.
```
